your divine
for all
and my friend
it's you and me
today we present trip to the bottom of the sea
m
to me
I doubt
came I have a surprise but first
you have to try these you'll see
fantastic just like me
wine look here you look fabulous
well now let's find the treasure
now we are already at the bottom of the
This place is great, there's something
by your side wine
very well still looking there must be a
fabulous treasure around here but where
where where and where
everything is floating all on the rocks not
they float
we go there there are so many things so
great at the bottom of the sea
seaweed and clams
look at all those things
in contrast so cute but I do not think
make it bright enough to do the
most amazing treasure of all and look at one
sea apple
I love sea apples
delicious you want to for her something shines
but I would like
came here
I think I found something
and that the crazy legs mister looks at something
shines maybe there is or not here
I'm sorry lady octopus but we're looking for a
incredible treasure has seen one I guess
no, but it's okay, we'll look for another
part
around here everything is very bright
and there is here
well there are many things but no
and if you look like that thing shines
maybe there is a treasure here
but I do not think it's bright enough
We must find the best and most
incredible treasure of all
look
It shines like the stars that
emotionally
fast and not at all
it's amazing this must be the most
bright and most resplendent of all
the world
I bet there must be a treasure for
here a super fabulous treasure looks at a
hatch
and I do not think you found it
a chest full of bright things and
pine and swiss is the most fabulous for
kids is great amazing that I've
seen never
when that's what I call a
treasure oltra super super the one that
you do
it's a fantastic treasure how good that you
take to find treasures wine never what
I would have found look how it shines is
so amazing so bright dazzling
and